hey everyone Laszlo Montgomery again
like the past ninety two other times
coming to you from the China history
podcast calm in this episode covering
the life and travels of Admiral Jung and
his fellow eunuch Admirals were going to
do an overview of the seven voyages that
happened between 1405 and 14:33
we're not gonna get to Gavin Menzies in
this episode but next time we'll look at
his version of events that happened
between me sixth and seventh voyages he
makes some rather provocative claims
about what happened during the last two
voyages so let's just get right into it
and see how far we can go before the
buzzer rings I know we sort of already
knocked off voyage one last time so to
get the whole thing going
14:03 the Emperor blows the bugle and
calls for this whole shipbuilding
project to begin the whole idea of this
maritime fleet had initially begun under
the Yola Emperor's father the founding
home Lu Emperor it said that in the
Nanjing area alone in 1391 something
like 50 million trees were planted so
that enough wood could be harvested to
build the kind of fleet he had in mind
Nanjing is never gonna be the same again
after he becomes Emperor the young
Emperor plans this whole elaborate and
comprehensive tributary system he
figures he'll send these ships out into
the world
let everyone see them with their own
eyes you know and see how much greater
and more powerful China is compared to
them and then he'd get them to pay
tribute at the same time trade will
explode with all these states kingdoms
and sultanate s-- and whatnot and
everything will be great and China will
have carved out their sphere of
influence and all the important parts of
the world at this time in the early 15th
century China had been master of the
Seas for already half a millennium the
great naval tradition that began in
earnest during the southern Song Dynasty
1132 to 1279
and further during the UN was now
carried to its zenith under the Ming
Emperor young look China is a great and
mighty maritime power didn't suddenly
start in the early Ming Dynasty this one
all the way back to the time of the song
after the capital was moved to Hangzhou
which back in the southern song was
called the anon 1405 maha now renamed
youngja the heir previous was 34 years
old when the first of these seven
voyages began voyages one two and three
we're going to wow the folks wherever
they went it was the same trip three
times to the same places that I
mentioned last time Champa Surabaya
Palembang Malacca Cebu Dara golly and
then finishing up in callicut on the
Malabar Coast voyage one we rushed
through last time they picked up a whole
lot of ambassadors and brought them back
to Nanjing and this made the young
Emperor very happy with the exception of
failing to find the genuine Emperor
voyage one was a clear case of mission
accomplished
and John hood did a splendid job and
being a Muslim and all you couldn't have
asked for a more perfect representative
to win friends among many of the lands
they visited they returned to Nanjing
and 1407 The Ambassadors did their thing
Yola Emperor got to feel the pure joy
and pleasure at least for him of having
all these envoys from all around the
reach and prostrate themselves before
him and do the whole full-blown act of
kowtowing gifts were exchanged and they
hung out for a while despite everything
the movements of these visitors were
still strictly controlled and none of
them had the freedom to go you know take
in the sights of early Ming China now
this wasn't cheap taking care of all
these envoys and their retinue no sooner
had all the ceremonies taking place all
the fun and entertainment but it was
time to take all these guys back to
where they came from and that's what
voyage two was sort of all about it was
a much smaller scale operation this time
only sixty eight vessels although I read
other accounts that said this fleet
consisted a two hundred and forty nine
ships and jung-hwa got off early after
stopping in Fujian he stopped off to
deal with matters
guarding the repairs to an important
temple to Matsu the rest of the fleet
sailed on without him
so voyage to 1407 to 1409 jung-ho was in
charge but he didn't make the trip so
they sailed a callicut with many stops
along the way the ambassador to the King
of Siam present-day Thailand he was
dropped off the Thais were locked in a
struggle with their neighbor to the east
the chimere's these are the people of
present-day Cambodia the Thais made an
alliance with Ming China and now they
had a Dhaka DA in their back pocket that
they were able to use as a lever against
the marauding chimere's ma Wan had some
rather interesting things to say about
the Thais now ma Wan who will meet in
the next voyage he made some
observations about the role of women in
Thai society relative to women in China
he wrote quote it is their custom that
all affairs are managed by their wives
both the king of the country and the
common people if they have matters which
require thoughts and deliberation
punishments light and heavy all trading
transactions great and small they all
follow the decisions of their wives for
the mental capacity of the wives
certainly exceeds that of the men come
on just by coincidence happened to be
surnamed ma which is also a common
surname for non-muslim Chinese as well
he converted to Islam later as a young
man what made him special at least to
jung-hwa was that ma one could speak
Arabic and perhaps Persian as well those
were as you can imagine the lingua
franca of the Muslim and trading world
that rimmed the coasts of the Indian
Ocean and Arabian Sea ma Huang only took
part in the 4th 6th and 7th voyages his
observations all meticulously written
down survived to this day or at least
most of it does it's called the yin yang
LAN or the overall survey of the oceans
Shores this was published after the end
of the seventh and final maritime
expedition at 14
33 now all the minutia that we know
about these voyages came from Marwan he
only went on three of the seven but the
ones he went on particularly the last
two were quite useful for his copious
amounts of interesting observations
wherever he went
I downloaded a PDF of his book of some
websites in translation of course and
I'm gonna check it out later one of
these days maybe so
Mahon originally from the area around
xiao qing one of the many famous to come
from that historic City home of Shao
Qiang wine
Lucien Joanne la she sure knew yo Wong
she Churchill Ching hai and pay all
household names in China taught in every
middle school history class so a lot of
what we know came from my Juan and his
accounts were corroborated by others who
lived in these port cities of South and
Southwest Asia and when they also left
behind writings about this time the
twenty chapters of Maz book are
priceless in their descriptions of all
the places visited Champa Palembang
thailand malacca sri lanka qui long
coaching Dhofar aden Hormuz makka and in
macaws where he saw what he called the
heavenly square and all the other cities
all the way to Malindi and kenya he
visited them all and gave the whole
skinny on each place customs food dress
politics military religion you know
whatever he saw one notable thing that
happened the ruler of brunei abdul
majeed hassan he owed his leadership and
authority to china this happened after
jung-ho intervened and this rivalry is
rivalry with the masha pocket kingdom of
java and this allowed brunei to break
off and form their own sultanate and he
had come back with chunka on the first
voyage to go pay tribute to the emperor
and show his gratitude but when it came
time to sail back on the second voyage
this new ruler got sick and died in
nanjing only 38 years old he was buried
in
Jing with all the dignity and ceremony
do a ruler who had paid tribute to the
emperor of China the young emperor put
all his best doctors on this case and
they did their best to treat the
stricken King from body or bony as they
called Brunei back then now a Mandarin
Brunei is called wind light but alas
despite the Emperor's best efforts Abdul
Majeed Hasan passed away and it was not
lost on Sultan's retina with how much
concern and care the Emperor of China
treated their King and it was one of
their dying Sultan's wishes that they go
back to Brunei and tell the people how
well he was treated so China and Brunei
they go way back may 12 1952 for the
Great Leap Forward as it always goes
some villager or farmer was digging
somewhere and found a part of the
Sultan's tomb and it was you know
reported and then later excavated and
studied so when you are next in Nanjing
you can go visit this tomb and remember
sultan Maajid hassan he came with junka
on the first voyage but when it came
time for the second voyage he didn't
make it
the second voyage was all about taking
all these envoys back and further
consolidating and fortifying these trade
relations with all the great centers of
the trade and spices and all kinds of
exotica and treasures in 1409 the second
voyage ended and in the fall of that
same year the third maritime expedition
made its way to the Arabian Sea to the
Malabar Coast this time jung-ho was in
command and present for the vulture his
two right hands eunuchs Wan Qing home
and ho Shen are with him along with
30,000 men these two are unsung heroes
of the voyages of jung-hwa jungle gets
all the glory but these guys and others
were there every step of the way shared
the adventures right there with Junko
they trace the route of the previous two
journeys and on this particular voyage
they stopped at a place in the old
javanese language was called Temasek in
sanskrit that was called singh ahuna
Lion City today this area is called
Singapore back in Junkers day singapura
didn't have much to show for itself it
was heavily dependent on the a Sultan of
Malacca a special deal was struck with
the Malacca and ruler that allowed him
to break away from the power and
influence of the King of Siam
and this you know infuriates the Siamese
but endears the Malacca and ruling house
to the Chinese Malacca enjoyed such a
special status it became one of the key
if not the key trading hub for the whole
region so once they're brave and daring
King Parameshwara had China behind him
no one dared mess with Malacca Malacca
wasn't a part of Malaysia blessed with
natural resources the city lived or died
as a trading entrepot Malacca served as
sort of the halfway point between the
Spice Islands of Indonesia and the mall
of our coast of India it was the Gateway
to the Indian Ocean the established
trading centers on Sumatra Palembang and
salud era had always had the riches of
the spice trade all to themselves so
that midway geographically between these
two great centers comes malacca on the
other side of the strait and they turn
out to be very aggressive to push as
much trade as possible over to their
side and they created some real heated
competition well after getting all
replenished and refreshed in Malacca the
fleet took off for some Dara at the
northern part of Sumatra then again it
was a straight shot across the Indian
Ocean to Calais in Ceylon and even back
then Sinhalese were fighting the Tamils
in the north like last time jung-hwa did
not get a good reception or anywhere
near the kind of welcome he was
expecting so he was sent packing right
fast and vowed to come back another day
and deal with this leader who dissed his
Emperor the Chinese version of events
went something like this
despite the home-field advantage and
numerical superiority the Sinhalese
couldn't defeat the soldiers of the Ming
and the ruler was captured and taken
back to Nanjing
later pardoned the Sinhalese version of
what happened doesn't go anything like
this on this voyage jumpa even though a
devout Muslim left behind in salon one
of these carved stone tablets or
steelies that was inscribed with all
kinds of respectful words concerning the
buddha and buddhism june 16 14 11
jung-ho returns to China and voyage
number 3 is now behind him unlike the
other two times all these leaders and
ambassadors from leaders all piled into
Nanjing and were put up at the best digs
in town and just doted on and when it
came time to do the whole coat aisle
thing they all did it and they presented
their gifts to the Emperor of course
they were lavished with the most
expensive and beautiful things that
China could produce one thing that the
young Emperor appreciated above all else
and believe me with all the fine
treasures he was handed before it took a
lot to impress this guy but when the
Malakand King presented the young
Emperor with a magnifying glass
that was a showstopper so after six
non-stop years of travel and the employ
of the Emperor
jeong-ho and his fellow Admirals get a
well deserved two-year break before they
had to head out on voyage number four
but four he goes jeong-ho he knows he's
made the Emperor happy even though he
hasn't located the jinhwan Emperor but
there was still hope but junker felt he
had done enough and he boldly asks the
Emperor you'll look to allow for some
sort of monument to be built that would
honor the goddess Matsu and mods will be
protector of sailors and goddess of the
sea
jung-hwa held her and highest esteem it
was thankful to the goddess for getting
them out of a few tight spots on the
high seas during the past three voyages
the Emperor grants jung-ho his wish and
this monument is built and becomes known
as the top Al Unser the temple of repaid
gratitude it's also called the Nanjing
Kalpa this 240 foot tall monument
sometimes included among the seven
wonders of the world we know as the
porcelain pagoda
it truly was a wonder to behold
especially at night when it was all lit
up with lanterns shining off the smooth
and lustrous ceramic surface of the
tower in 1856 the tower before it was
blown up by the Taiping rebels was
immortalized in longfellows epic poem
kettles from which the word ceramic is
derived I'll read from Longfellow as he
described the tower junker built to
repay the goddess Matsu for the
protection all those years and yonder by
nine can behold the tower of porcelain
strange and old uplifting to the
astonished skies its nine-fold painted
balconies with palace runes of twining
leaves and roofs of tile beneath whose
eaves paint porcelain bells that all the
time ring with a soft melodious chime
while the whole fabric is ablaze with
very tints all fused in one great mass
of color like a maze of flowers
illumined by the Sun so January 14 14
junga sets out for what will be the most
ambitious voyage to date this time they
were going further than before voyage 4
will take junka all the way to horror
moves the southern tip of Persia and
along with calico
one of the great world centers of trade
the first three voyages were successful
enough so that by the time of the fourth
voyage Ming Dynasty China is at its peak
of greatness the Yola Emperor wasn't
gonna stop there he had his sights set
on Hormuz and was determined to let the
Persian and Arab traders there get a
chance to bask in China's greatness also
as I mentioned before my faun is now
travelling along with Tonka he's only 25
years old but as I said a fluent Arabic
speaker and of Persian as well his
chronicles of the voyage are priceless
and much of it survives to this day and
he kept his eyes open and like I said he
was there for voyages 4 6 and 7 he
didn't participate in number 5 the fleet
made its way westward like it always did
junka got involved in a local rivalry in
the
sumatran kingdom of samode era he put
all of China's chips on one of the two
leaders contending for power there the
more you look friendly of the two who
ultimately prevailed over the other one
of the noteworthy things that happen
during journey 4 is that after they
reached banda aceh they split up and
part of the fleet led by the eunuch yang
mean headed due north past the Nicobar
Islands past the Andaman Islands and up
to where present-day Chittagong is young
main takes the king of Bengal back to
Nanjing with him bearing one of the most
amazing and jaw-dropping gifts believe
it or not packed with all the cargo was
none other than a giraffe I don't know
if any of you can recall the first time
you saw a giraffe in person that such a
thing existed was marvel to the Chinese
they called the animal H healing which
is one of the four sacred animals of
China along with the dragon Phoenix and
tortoise the Chi lien is a kind of
chimera it had a head like a dragon with
a pair of horns and the legs were like
an oxen with hoofs later on they were
shown with dragon scales all over
they looked fearsome enough but they
were vegetarians the thing about
shillings is that they only appeared
when there was wise and just ruler on
the throne when a chi-lin appeared it
was a fantastically good omen and so it
was that a circle of officials at the
imperial court who had access to the
Emperor called this giraffe a chilean
and did one heck of a pie maki job on
the emperor cooing to him what a great
omen this was and how it meant the Yola
emperor really had heavens favor and was
great in always in with the young
emperor just ate it all up
he had several giraffes in fact that was
the first of several to come the
giraffes
came from Somalia they were probably
Laden onboard and Mogadishu must have
been quite a
Mystikal effort to get this giraffe from
the grasslands of Somalia to the Delta
where the Ganges and Brahmaputra rivers
joined together and then from there to
Nanjing by the way in Japanese the word
chi-lin is pronounced kidding
just like the bear so next time you're
having a q10 bear at your local soba or
sushi Gorge check out the Chilean that's
on the label now between now and the
last voyage more of these Chileans are
gonna make their way to China and the
young the Emperor is gonna put them all
in his private Zoo China's first and I
think this is where the late Michael
Jackson might have gotten that idea from
so voyage number 4 goes all the way to
Hormuz and I have to think those Persian
traders must have been elated to have
these direct trade links established
with the Chinese up to this point the
traders of Hormuz and all points west of
there were dependent on all the
middlemen along the Malabar Coast for
their porcelains silks and other
precious cargos from China and with 18
envoys on board by the end of the voyage
jung-hwa sailed back to China
another mission accomplished the fourth
voyage went well and by the summer of
1415 they were back in Nanjing and on
November 16th 1416 they all had the big
ceremony where everyone frustrated
themselves before the Emperor and that
the whole kowtowing ceremony around this
time the Emperor is doing something that
is gonna later have major repercussions
not only on his legacy but the whole
mean dynasty as well back in 1403 before
the first voyage ever sailed the young
emperor changed the name of the northern
city of Beijing to Beijing Beijing means
northern capital in Nanjing means
southern capital and remember before it
was baking it was thought to Kublai
Khan's capital during the Yuan Dynasty
now he was making almost noise about
moving the main capital back up there
with so much going so smooth down in the
South the Emperor believed he had to get
back up north to deal with the age-old
problems up there with you know invasion
from the steppes he dodged a bullet when
tamerlane died on the way to annihilate
the Chinese in 1405 but there was still
more to be done and he felt it was
better for China if he was up in the
north to keep a closer eye on things
so with this decision to move the
capital up north this sets in motion and
enterprise no less costly and
complicated than sending these fleets
out into the world to pull up stakes in
Nanjing and move the entire government
operation the court all the princes
princesses you know you name it
everything to move this all up to
Beijing required a lot of time to plan
and execute on top of this there were
two other costly measures one was the
construction of the Forbidden City a
little pet project of the Yola Emperor
to WoW the foreign visitors even more
than the treasure ships work began on
the Forbidden City around the time of
the first voyage the other major project
was the dredging repair and extension of
the Grand Canal from fourteen eleven to
fourteen fifteen by the time of Emperor
you look the Grand Canal is already a
thousand years old and you can imagine
it needed a little facelift by 14/16 the
tiger in fur is ready again for anything
and it's in the best shape ever so
voyage the middle Cinco sails away in
fourteen seventeen this time they go
even further than Hormuz and make it all
the way to the Yemenis seaport city of
Av
now Hormuz is to the Persian Gulf what
Aden is to the Red Sea now ma Wan isn't
aboard for this journey but he's there
for the sixth and seventh he makes a
boatload of observations of that whole
area that I won't get into here but I'll
see what I can do to hook you up with
some links to his book the unio a lot
and I couldn't find the Chinese
characters for that book anyway Jung
Mach Wan and early 15th century literate
and until
man accompanied not only junka but all
of his greatest Admirals it wasn't just
jonatha he couldn't be everywhere to get
maximum penetration throughout the
region the fleet would split up and his
great Admirals who were all eunuchs
would lead their ships to the lesser
ports that weren't as important as
malacca Calcutta and Hormuz now a good
example of that was when emerald young
mean went to Chittagong to go deal with
the ruler there and bring him back to
Nanjing with the giraffe the Chilean
besides jung-ho there was also Joel mind
:
yang Ching home bah these four were
gonna revisit when we discuss Gavin
Menzies in his two books 14 21 and 14 34
we and that I become royal anyway back
to Aden this port was sort of the center
the joining of trade between the whole
Mediterranean in the Far East so early
15th century you can imagine this place
is thriving
Admiral Joel man is tasked with
establishing tributary relations with
the king there his luck would have it
the king there was in a major power
struggle with Mama Luke's in Egypt for
control of Mecca and Medina once he
establishes relations with China though
he wins out and from that point on the
king of Aden was China's man so he gets
the full treatment and hops on board for
the return journey and an imperial
junket to Nanjing he brought on board
for the Emperor some new creatures for
his zoo some ostriches lions and zebras
and again trying to gets one more link
up the supply chain establishing
themselves right there in the port of
Aden where it was easy to run into
people from all over Europe by the time
of this fifth voyage it's only about 70
years more or less after the Black Death
in Europe Lorenzo de Medici still three
decades away from being born when the
fifth voyage sets sail when this fleet
was sailing towards Aden the Council of
Constance was only just then resolving
the problem the schism and the church
and the problem of the three popes
China enjoys this unparalleled status as
the most advanced richest and culturally
magnificent place on earth all the
groundwork is being quietly laid for
what was to explode in Europe beginning
right around the time China retired from
the world stage and began looking inward
the Renaissance in Europe at this time
it still hadn't quite happened yet
from Eden they went on to the East
African coast to the Swahili coast these
were the lands that today make up the
countries of the Ethiopians Amalia Kenya
and Tanzania some envoys received during
the fourth voyage were returned to their
respective places and new trade and
tribute relations were made with these
East African rulers this is where it all
began
Tanzania and China especially since the
founding days of the PRC have always
been the bestest of friends so it's
during these days when Jung hos treasure
fleets sailed the high seas that China
and Tanzania first began getting to know
one another there was one thing new
Africa being Africa the continent simply
contained the most exotic of all exotica
they had the coolest animals plants new
kinds of foods and spices that could
only be obtained there so on this fifth
voyage when the Chinese got to see up
close how rich this place was they
really took this to heart when they were
planning the 6th and 7th all ages July
15 14 19 the fifth voyage comes to an
end the young Emperor is just bowled
over with all the curiosities brought
back from Africa you just can't believe
it and of course these people appearing
in all their native costumes were quite
the magnificent sight to behold
especially you know seeing it for the
first time it was quite a sensation if
there was anyone on earth in 1419 who
could rightly stand on the bow of the
Titanic and scream out he was the king
of the world it was the young Emperor
two years later his world will come
crashing down on him and he will live
with sadness and regret for the few
years he had left
as he starts closing in on his final
years it becomes quite cruel fickle
indeed and the number of dead and
mutilated bodies he leaves of his wake
are gonna diminish somewhat all the
great things he did for China in Chinese
culture but let's not jump ahead too far
we still have the sixth voyage of
jung-ho by the spring of 14 21 the
emperor says it's time to take these
guys back to their states and kingdoms
now this is the last voyage that the
young emperor has anything to do with
this fleet is going to return in 1422
and then the young emperor dies two
years later in 1424 so the seventh and
final voyage will be called for by the
Qin Emperor this is also the voyage that
is discussed in Gavin Menzies book 14 21
the year China discovered the world I'll
hold off for now let's just get through
these two final voyages and all the sad
and tragic events that went down in
Beijing is junk and his fellow Admirals
were all doing their thing returning
ambassadors to their respective lands
taking on two or three dozen new ones
trading and carrying out all kinds of
commercial activities and all these
melting pots all over southeast
Southwest and the Middle East of Asia
and now up and down the Swahili coast in
Africa I'm gonna just go straight to the
seventh and final voyage of junka and
all the events that went down in Beijing
in between the sixth and seventh voyages
the major event was the opening of the
Forbidden City and the amazing palace
complex this was in February 14 21 just
prior to the departure of the fleet for
the sixth voyage in fact jung-hwa had to
hustle back from the fifth voyage
because he had to be on hand for the
opening Day ceremony no sooner does the
brand-spanking-new Imperial Palace open
at an exorbitant cost that my dad
suddenly in may 9 14 21 just a few
months later it's struck by lightning
that causes a fire that turns into a
conflagration that burns down the entire
Forbidden City all eight million square
feet now junga is thousands and
miles away when this happens and he
doesn't hear about it till later this
was a crushing blow to the young Emperor
and you can imagine at a time like this
in history when omens meant divine
intervention this looked particularly
bad the whole spot of bad luck screamed
out to the Emperor that this whole zany
idea to move the capital to build such a
monumental over-the-top Palace with
almost a thousand buildings was simply
not meeting with heaven's favor
it would not be rebuilt until the 1450s
then right on top of this the Yola
Emperor's favorite concubine madam Wang
the giant gray Fay she too dies and this
is just too much for the Emperor then he
suffers a bad riding accident falling
off the horse than it once belonged to
tamerlane so he enters a slump that he's
never able to bounce back from and when
he died he dragged a whole heck of a lot
of concubines and others with him but
heaven isn't through with Yola just yet
in the wake of all this bad luck there
were terrible famines and Shangdong
epidemics in Fujian the northern part of
Vietnam on Nam had been defeated by the
Ming armies and thus began for the
fourth time in history a period when
Vietnam was under China's thumb but by
this time in 1421 1420 to the area was
up in arms and soon they'll be kicking
China out for good but before he passed
from this earth the young emperor tried
to make amends one thing he did was he
finally listened to the conservatives at
court the Confucian estufa shalls' who
for over a decade have been trying in
vain to get the emperor to abandon these
very expensive maritime expeditions the
emperor thereupon looks westward and
decides this is where the current
problems lie and he leads an expedition
against the Mongol Tartars who were not
only refusing to pay tribute but we're
also harassing Chinese interests out in
the West and Northwest
April 12 14 22 the Emperor sets out from
Beijing to do battle and again in the
summer of 14 24 to finish the job
August 12th 14 24 the Yola Emperor dies
somewhere in Inner Mongolia the Emperor
gets to be the first of 13 Ming
Emperor's to be buried at the ming tombs
just north of Beijing junghwa meanwhile
was in Palembang in sumatra dealing with
a local political struggle there when
all this happened so he didn't know that
his benefactor had now passed from this
earth when he heads back to china after
his mission a new emperor is sitting on
the throne this mission to palembang by
the way did not constitute a voyage this
was just a simple mission that Juncker
personally handled without the kind of
entourage that came with the previous
six voyages so on September 7 14 24 the
Hong Shi Emperor mounts the throne and
he's the guy at least for a while first
thing he does is cancel the maritime
voyages permanently junka is relieved of
all powers and authority and is pushed
to head up the military command
headquarters in Nanjing then the second
thing he does the Hong Shi Emperor is
called for the capital to be moved back
to Nanjing then he starts to bring in
all kinds of disgraced and marginalized
Confucians back into the government
bureaucracy under young love the eunuchs
of which jung-ho was a major mover and
shaker in this faction they were on top
now with the Hong Shi Emperor in charge
the eunuch faction lost a great deal of
its prestige but fortune smiled on them
the Hong Shi Emperor dies much too soon
nine months into his reign on May 29
1425 and put in his place as the
Emperor's son who we know as the Shinto
Emperor and it's this guy who was gonna
call for one last and final voyage for
jeong-ho
so with Shanta all of 26 years old in
charge he plans to move the capital back
to nanjing our scrapped and it's in
Beijing that the capital stays the
eunuchs and the Confucian asar once
again like many times before in Chinese
history locked in another classic power
struggle and as far as jung-hwa
is concerned he's squarely within the
UNIX faction well 1430 rolls around it's
five years into his reign and the Shinto
emperor feels China isn't getting the
respect at once did the tribute system
it sort of slowed to a crawl so on June
29th 1430 the Emperor calls for another
voyage with the intention to kick-start
the whole tribute system again this
seventh and final voyage junghwa's
swonsong was going to be grand in scale
300 ships twenty-seven thousand five
hundred men jung-hwa knew this was gonna
be his last voyage to sea and he might
not make it back
he was only sixty two years old but in
the fourteen hundreds that was already
considered quite old
jung-hwa had to steelies engraved one he
set up at Leo Chow Harbor where all of
his journeys had begun and the other was
placed in the major trading port of
Chang Liu in Fujian province jung-hwa
also left an account of his travels that
he wrote in 1431 but like almost
everything that bears official witness
to these travels it didn't survive
except in bits and pieces the
inscriptions on the two stealing's he
left behind before he departed on the
final voyage serve as primary sources
that describe where and why these
treasure fleets travel to these faraway
places there are also primary sources
that give detailed lists of gifts that
were exchanged and from whom you could
learn a lot from this there were three
accounts well at least three that give
firsthand observations made during these
various voyages I already mentioned the
account made by mouth Wan in his Yong
Yong lon Fay Xin and Gong Jun also left
accounts as well Fei Shan we didn't talk
about much he accompanied Juncker on
voyages three five and seven his book
written in 1436 was called the ching
chong lot the fleet departed on the
seventh voyage on January 19 1431 Joan
of Arc is on trial in Normandy when the
fleet departs and she'll be burned at
the stake
month later the fleet makes a long stop
in Fujian and linger for about a year
before they trace the now very familiar
steps and on December 10th
14:32 they arrived in callicut at
Calicut the fleet splits up Admiral Hong
Bao
went to Hormuz and to the east coast of
Africa but sometime in 1433 jung-hwa was
ailing from some unknown chronic illness
he couldn't go on with the rest of the
fleet and stayed in callicut where he
died the voyage back to China would take
three months so taking his body back was
out of the question
therefore jung-hwa was buried at sea
near callicut with full honors some say
the ceremony took place near Cimarron
between Jakarta and Surabaya on the
island of Java an elaborate tomb was
built on the southern outskirts of
Nanjing near Bulls head hill or kneel
show inside this tomb is a lock from
juncos braid and a pair of his shoes
July 14 33 the treasure fleet returns to
China and needless to say the Shinda
Emperor's hopes and aspirations to
revive the Golden Age of the tribute
system and to have China project the
power that it once did under the Yola
Emperor this didn't materialize he
himself died in early 1435 and with the
passing of the agenda emperor that
spelled the end of these voyages as no
Ming Dynasty emperor would champion
these kinds of diplomatic missions this
is a tough decision back in the Ming
Dynasty they had to ask themselves fate
should fund these outlandish ly
expensive projects what was the benefit
even today in the US you know we have to
ask should be fun NASA to explore these
places where no man has gone before
should be shot in acid down yeah look at
what happened the other day with the
Mars mission and hope the US Congress
can scrounge around and find more
funding for them and for science in
general
well each of the seven voyages of junka
I read cost as much as half the annual
Taxation revenue for the whole country
they were horrific ly expensive them
it's hard to say
whether the ming dynasty or china
benefited or not from the voyages
whatever the case the port calls came
crashing down and with the emperor gone
junker gone there wasn't anyone around
to champion such ventures the wind was
blowing hard into the sales of the
Confucian elites who found no merit in
these treasure fleets and looked at the
whole thing as a preposterous waste of
state money in fact so horrible and
growing us to the state did they see
these seven voyages of jung-ho that all
official records that would have given
us a clear and accurate picture of
everything that happened with you
wherever Junko went were famously
destroyed nothing exists other than the
steelies and monuments junk left behind
and whatever ma Wan fishing and others
left us with its slim pickins indeed
when we get to get Menzies next time
you'll see he's always left saying if
only the official records hadn't been
destroyed you know well whatever they
were destroyed or just went underground
and haven't resurfaced yet time will
tell not having any of these official
primary source documents really hampers
our efforts to know more about the exact
details concerning China's role in the
region and in the case of Gavin Menzies
two books we can't know for sure about
any other worlds that may have been
visited by the fleet's between 14 21 and
14 34 and the way things panned out in
China the whole age of unfettered
regional trade between all points
between Nanjing and East Africa just
petered out and from about the 1550s
onward China began their long period of
isolation right at the exact moment that
things were just starting to take off in
Europe as China was winding things down
Prince Henry the Navigator was just
getting started
1488 Bartholomew Diaz rounded the Cape
of Good Hope 1492 came Columbus that in
1493 Pope Alexander the 6th splits the
world up into two parts and before China
could say anything half the world belong
to
and the other half to Portugal on paper
at least 1498 Vasco de Gama went further
than Diaz 1513 comes Balboa and the
discovery of the Pacific as well as
Ponce de Leon in Florida and Puerto Rico
1519 Magellan begins his attempt to
circumnavigate the world
15:27 Cortes goes dancing across the
water with his galleons and guns and
while all of this is unfolding China is
no longer in the game their sights are
facing inward and also to the west the
age-old problems of you are still giving
the same headaches that had trouble the
Han Chinese since the time of the Joe
kings and later on we'll see that in
order to keep these guys out of China
proper the Great Wall will be put back
into working order until it just becomes
another Maginot Line the ruins we see
today of Great Wall are mostly all from
the time of the Ming Dynasty renovations
these came much later after Jung hood we
all know what happens Juncker goes and
Prime's the pomp and gets everything
nice and right for the Portuguese and
later the Dutch to just go in and
plunder these places along the western
ocean and Spice Islands and although
there were some minor battles where Jung
foe went in and took sides against one
king or Sultan over another the record
clearly shows and today China boasts
about this they always came in peace
they didn't go in like the Portuguese
who left a legacy of war and colonialism
in its wake
later replaced famously by the British
in the late 18th and 19th centuries
based on the historical record no one
could point any fingers at China for
being an aggressor talked about with
great power comes great responsibility
China at one time during this period of
the early Ming Dynasty when everything
was so perfect and China enjoyed
economic cultural and military might
that was at the time unsurpassed in all
the world when they used this might
peacefully to promote China's name and
splendor and no matter whether the Yola
Emperor did this for China's glory or
for his own either way it made a
memorable impression and caused a very
noticeable ripple that led to the
advancement of mankind so we're gonna
end it here next time we'll continue on
and look at Gavin Menzies books because
he totally departs from what I just told
you he makes some rather provocative
claims about how these last two voyages
the sixth and seventh actually went so
next time we'll look at what he said and
also look at what other historians said
about those two books 14 21 and 14 34
I'm gonna read through my ones book and
see if there are any interesting or
quotable passages to tell you anyways
that's next time and then I think we
should be able to finish off the life
and times of admiral jung-hwa and move
on to something else uh I have to head
to Berkley
tomorrow morning before the Sun rises I
have to take my daughter back to college
I'm gonna come right back and then I'll
try and get this uploaded for y'alls by
Wednesday anyways that's the plan you
know how it is man makes plans and God
laughs a warm welcome to all my new
listeners shoed in this direction but
fine and pleasant folks at the Seneca
podcast kaiser jeremy at OU and to all
my new followers on Twitter as well
wherever you found me via Ray Harris at
the history of world war two podcast and
from all the various blogs forums and
whatnot who have been so kind to put my
links out on their sides and you know if
recommended me in a few weeks to help
celebrate the US Labor Day holiday ray
Harris himself will be here in Claremont
and we're gonna have a special chitchat
athon ray was coming out to help me
celebrate the hundredth episode of the
China history podcast but with Labor Day
only twenty five days away in this being
the 93rd episode it's doubtful that the
100th episode will be ready and neither
are numbers 94 through 99 but we'll have
a good time nonetheless and in the very
studios where this humble effort of mine
has researched written and recorded and
produced I'll have V Ray Harris of the
history of World War two podcast so
that's coming up I can't wait this is
Lazlo Montgomery signing off from the
very edge of
LA County here in the city of trees and
phd's Claremont California I hope you'll
consider joining us next time for
another exciting episode of the China
history podcast